# Green-Walnut
My High School Internship App Draft
An app with an interactive interface that allows the track of a patient's daily medication and notifies him. App includes 3 games. First Game is called Match O'Turco which is a bilungual card-matching game, aimed to teach its users basics in Spanish designed in Unity. Game is in Turkish and it relies on memory of its users to match the card Turkish translation of which was given before matching. 2nd game is a crossword designed in Unity. First 2 games aim to enhance the memory of users. 3rd game is a mini-golf game focused on the motor skills of users, where a golf path, with 2 pits and balls on opposites sides, is completed using a direction arrow only showing one of the pits. Aiming for the second pit requires the user to think "how would the aim arrow shoot if it was reversed". App also features an interactive exercise program using the camera input of user for pose detection. Written using pose detection and CV2 library of Phyton, this app aims to help physiotherapy. The general purpose of this application is to combine all these programs' medical benefits in one program and serve the society via helping people in a fun way.
Program mainly uses C# and Phyton combined.
Only available in English and for windows and ios. Unity Files may be missing and may not be properly opened using the source codes available here. Game and app will be downloadable on my website in the following days. GUI only features "medication notification" for diabetes patients. "No Disease/Condition" is also available. Source codes of Green Walnut 2.0 with all updates will published on Github in following weeks.
by Kaan Barış
